added a note to explain hour placeholder in icp = next (T-??) (#564)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/user-guide/writing-workflows/scheduling.rst

brackets, and if more than one is given, the major time unit in each (hours
or minutes) should be of the same type.

.. note::

>    In this context ``T-00`` "-" is a placeholder for the hours column.

Reviewer: Slightly confusing, the `T-` is a placeholder for hours in any context. Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
   ``T-00`` means every hour, on the hour. The ``-`` is a placeholder for the hours column.
```

is not included, the calculation of the next or previous corresponding
point will be done from midnight of the current day.

.. csv-table:: Relative initial cycle point examples for ``now = 2018-03-14T15:12Z``
      using ISO8601 truncated dates.
   :widths: auto

   Syntax, Description, Interpretation
   ``next(-00)``,                     Any century; next year 00,                  2100-01-01
   ``previous(--01)``,                Any year; next month 01,                    2018-01-01
   ``next(---01)``,                   Any year; any month; next 1st of month,     2018-04-01
   ``previous(--1225)``,              Any year; previous Dec 25,                  2017-12-25
   ``next(-2006)``,                   Any century; next June in a year ending 20, 2020-06-01
   ``previous(-W101)``,               Any century; previous week 10 day 1,        2018-03-05
   ``next(-W-1; -W-3; -W-5)``,        "Any year; any week; next day 1, 3 or 5",   2018-03-14

>    ``next(-001; -091; -181; -271)``,  "Any year; day 1, 91, 181 or 271",          2018-04-01

Reviewer: FYI the `list-table` directive is more flexible (supporting any arbitrary ReST) and doesn't suffer from the need to quote commas.

https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#list-table
